# PySide6 Form Creator

This project demonstrates the creation of a simple form using PySide6, a Python binding for the Qt framework. The form includes input fields for Full Name, Age, Mobile Number, Email, and City, with validation for input fields. Additionally, a "Submit" button allows users to interact with the form.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](#introduction)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Features](#features)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Introduction

This project showcases the implementation of a basic form using PySide6, providing a starting point for GUI development with PySide6. The form includes various input fields and demonstrates the usage of PySide6 widgets such as QLabel, QLineEdit, and QPushButton.

## Project Structure

- **main.py**: The main Python script that runs the PySide6 application.
- **form_ui.ui**: UI file generated by the Qt User Interface Compiler (version 6.6.1).
- **README.md**: Documentation file providing information about the project.

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/aaleshpatil22/PySide6_Basic.git
   cd PySide6_Basic/Form
   ```

2. Ensure you have Python and PySide6 installed:

   ```bash
   pip install PySide6
   ```

## Usage

Run the main.py script to launch the PySide6 application:

```bash
python main.py
```

Explore the form, enter information, and click the "Submit" button to observe the basic PySide6 GUI in action.

## Features

- Full Name, Age, Mobile Number, Email, and City input fields.
- Form validation for input fields.
- Simple and clean UI layout using PySide6 widgets.

## Contributing

Feel free to contribute to this project by opening issues, suggesting enhancements, or submitting pull requests. Follow the guidelines in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](../LICENSE.txt) file for details.

---
